Issues/1478 (#1480)
V4Fire/Client: src/components/base/b-bottom-slide/CHANGELOG.md

> - :house:      [Internal]
> - :nail_care:  [Polish]

## v4.0.0-beta.?? (2024-??-??)

#### :rocket: New Feature

> * `trackContentSwipes` flag was added

Reviewer: Нужно добавить мотивацию добавления (какую проблему решает/когда полезно использовать)

#### :rocket: New Feature

> * Added `trackContentSwipes` - a flag to prevent unexpected closing a component instance

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added `trackContentSwipes` - a flag to prevent unexpected closure of a component instance
```
